The birthday paradox shows that in a group of 23 people, it is more likely than not that two people have the same birthday. This code tests that assertion by adding 23 items to a hashtable with 365 spaces (each representing one day of the year). There is over 50% likelihood to be a collision with these parameters. Thus, if the items represented people, there would likely be two people with the same birthday out of a group of 23 people. This is because the first person in the room has a 365/365 chance of not sharing a birthday with someone else already in the room. The second person will have a 364/365 chance of sharing a birthday with someone else in the room. Thus, the formula is:
(365/365) * (364/365) * (363/365) … *((365-n-1)/365). When n>=23, the probability will be above 50%. 
This can be replicated in my code by simply running the cpp file as is. It creates a table with 365 spots and outputs how often it can add 23 items without resizing. 

The second problem observes the probe rate. As the table reaches half full, it will have one probe on average, since the table is relatively full. After resize, the new table will be ¼ full, and the probe rate will be ⅓, since it’s relatively empty. The table’s fullness continuously fluctuates between ¼ and ½ full, although at the start, it will be less than ¼ full. Thus, the average number of probes should be around ⅔ (although slightly less than that due to the emptiness at the start of the program. My code adds many items into the table and checks how often there is a collision. The total number of probes should be less than ⅔ of the items added. This can be observed through running the cpp file. The current runs value and numToAdd values can be adjusted, however the actual value will still always be less (but near) ⅔*number of items added. I also tracked the most probes needed to add any singular item. This value is generally a one or two digit number since the longest probe is increasing much slower than the size of the array. This is because the table never gets extremely full given the maximum load size, so there will eventually be a spot for the new item. 
